DOC-2609: Toggle sidebar shortcut remained active when the editor was… (#3580)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.6.1-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} resolves this issue by ensuring that pressing the `Space` or `Enter` key closes the dropdown, maintaining consistent functionality between the comment text area and the editor.

==== Toggle sidebar shortcut remained active when the editor was disabled.
// #TINY-11646

> Previously, an issue was identified where the comment sidebar would close when using the keyboard shortcut `Cmd + Opt + M` while the editor was in a disabled state.

Reviewer: Apologies for not adding this into the ticket but I think we should also specify the shortcut here for windows.
https://arc.net/l/quote/mrtuoiif

Author: @shanmen-tiny Good catch, will add it in 👍.

Author: @shanmen-tiny I've applied your suggestion.

> Previously, an issue was identified where the comment sidebar would close when using the keyboard shortcut `Cmd + Opt + M` while the editor was in a disabled state.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously, an issue was identified where the comment sidebar would close when using the keyboard shortcut `Cmd + Opt + M` on Mac and `Ctrl + Alt + M` on Windows while the editor was in a disabled state.
```

This led to inconsistent behavior, as keyboard shortcuts remained functional despite the editor being disabled.

> With the release of {productname} {release version}, this issue has been resolved. The behavior of keyboard shortcuts has been updated to ensure that the comment sidebar shortcut is completely disabled when the editor is in a disabled state.
> This change aligns the functionality of the shortcuts with the editor's state, ensuring consistent behavior.

Reviewer 2: We could probably just remove `This change aligns the functionality of the shortcuts with the editor's state, ensuring consistent behavior.` as the paragraph above basically advises the same thing.

```suggestion
{productname} {release version} addresses this issue. The behavior of keyboard shortcuts has been updated to ensure that the comment sidebar shortcut is disabled when the editor is in a disabled state.
```
